# CMAKE generated file: DO NOT EDIT!
# Generated by "Unix Makefiles" Generator, CMake Version 2.4

# Default target executed when no arguments are given to make.
default_target: all

#=============================================================================
# Special targets provided by cmake.

# Disable implicit rules so canoncical targets will work.
.SUFFIXES:

.SUFFIXES: .hpux_make_needs_suffix_list

# Suppress display of executed commands.
$(VERBOSE).SILENT:

# A target that is always out of date.
cmake_force:

#=============================================================================
# Set environment variables for the build.

# The shell in which to execute make rules.
SHELL = /bin/sh

# The CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND = /usr/bin/cmake

# The command to remove a file.
RM = /usr/bin/cmake -E remove -f

# The program to use to edit the cache.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND = /usr/bin/ccmake

# The top-level source directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR = /home/waipot/svn/xface/XFace

# The top-level build directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_BINARY_DIR = /home/waipot/svn/xface/XFace

# Include the progress variables for this target.
include CMakeFiles/progress.make

#=============================================================================
# Targets provided globally by CMake.

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Running CMake cache editor..."
	/usr/bin/ccmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache/fast: edit_cache

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Running CMake to regenerate build system..."
	/usr/bin/cmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache/fast: rebuild_cache

# The main all target
all: cmake_check_build_system
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /home/waipot/svn/xface/XFace/CMakeFiles $(CMAKE_ALL_PROGRESS)
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 all
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /home/waipot/svn/xface/XFace/CMakeFiles 0

# The main clean target
clean:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 clean

# The main clean target
clean/fast: clean

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall: all
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 preinstall

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall/fast:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 preinstall

# clear depends
depend:
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 1

#=============================================================================
# Target rules for targets named XFace

# Build rule for target.
XFace: cmake_check_build_system
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 XFace

# fast build rule for target.
XFace/fast:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/AuxXFace.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/AuxXFace.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/AuxXFace.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/AuxXFace.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/AuxXFace.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/AuxXFace.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/Drawable.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Drawable.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/Drawable.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Drawable.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/Drawable.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Drawable.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/Entity.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Entity.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/Entity.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Entity.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/Entity.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Entity.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/Geometry.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Geometry.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/Geometry.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Geometry.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/Geometry.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Geometry.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/MeshManager.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MeshManager.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/MeshManager.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MeshManager.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/MeshManager.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MeshManager.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/MorphBlender.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphBlender.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/MorphBlender.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphBlender.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/MorphBlender.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphBlender.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/MorphChannel.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphChannel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/MorphChannel.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphChannel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/MorphChannel.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphChannel.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/MorphController.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphController.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/MorphController.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphController.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/MorphController.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/MorphController.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/OBJLoader.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/OBJLoader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/OBJLoader.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/OBJLoader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/OBJLoader.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/OBJLoader.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/RenderList.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RenderList.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/RenderList.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RenderList.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/RenderList.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RenderList.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/RenderManager.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RenderManager.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/RenderManager.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RenderManager.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/RenderManager.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RenderManager.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/RendererGL.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RendererGL.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/RendererGL.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RendererGL.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/RendererGL.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/RendererGL.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/TextureManager.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TextureManager.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/TextureManager.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TextureManager.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/TextureManager.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TextureManager.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/TgaFile.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TgaFile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/TgaFile.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TgaFile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/TgaFile.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/TgaFile.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/Transform.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Transform.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/Transform.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Transform.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/Transform.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/Transform.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.s

# target to build an object file
src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/AnimProcessor.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/AnimProcessor.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/AnimProcessor.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/AnimProcessor.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/AnimProcessor.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/AnimProcessor.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/EyeChannel.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/EyeChannel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/EyeChannel.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/EyeChannel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/EyeChannel.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/EyeChannel.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/FDP.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDP.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/FDP.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDP.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/FDP.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDP.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/FDPItem.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPItem.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/FDPItem.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPItem.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/FDPItem.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPItem.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/FDPLoader.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPLoader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/FDPLoader.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPLoader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/FDPLoader.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPLoader.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/FDPWriter.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPWriter.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/FDPWriter.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPWriter.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/FDPWriter.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FDPWriter.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/FaceBase.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FaceBase.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/FaceBase.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FaceBase.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/FaceBase.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FaceBase.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/FaceEntity.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FaceEntity.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/FaceEntity.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FaceEntity.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/FaceEntity.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FaceEntity.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/FapFile.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FapFile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/FapFile.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FapFile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/FapFile.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/FapFile.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/HeadChannel.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/HeadChannel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/HeadChannel.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/HeadChannel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/HeadChannel.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/HeadChannel.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/PHOLoader.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/PHOLoader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/PHOLoader.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/PHOLoader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/PHOLoader.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/PHOLoader.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFace/XercesString.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/XercesString.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFace/XercesString.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/XercesString.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFace/XercesString.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFace/XercesString.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFaceApp/Notification.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/Notification.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFaceApp/Notification.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/Notification.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFaceApp/Notification.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/Notification.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFaceApp/Task.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/Task.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFaceApp/Task.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/Task.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFaceApp/Task.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/Task.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.s

# target to build an object file
src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.s

# target to build an object file
src/XMath/Matrix4.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Matrix4.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XMath/Matrix4.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Matrix4.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XMath/Matrix4.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Matrix4.s

# target to build an object file
src/XMath/Perlin.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Perlin.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XMath/Perlin.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Perlin.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XMath/Perlin.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Perlin.s

# target to build an object file
src/XMath/Quaternion.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Quaternion.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XMath/Quaternion.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Quaternion.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XMath/Quaternion.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/Quaternion.s

# target to build an object file
src/XMath/XMath.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/XMath.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XMath/XMath.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/XMath.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XMath/XMath.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/XMath.s

# target to build an object file
src/XMath/raytri.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/raytri.o

# target to preprocess a source file
src/XMath/raytri.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/raytri.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
src/XMath/raytri.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/XFace.dir/src/XMath/raytri.s

# Help Target
help::
	@echo "The following are some of the valid targets for this Makefile:"
	@echo "... all (the default if no target is provided)"
	@echo "... clean"
	@echo "... depend"
	@echo "... XFace"
	@echo "... edit_cache"
	@echo "... rebuild_cache"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/AuxXFace.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/AuxXFace.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/AuxXFace.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/BinaryModelBatchLoader.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/DeformableGeometry.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Drawable.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Drawable.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Drawable.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Entity.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Entity.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Entity.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/GLPrerrequisites.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Geometry.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Geometry.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Geometry.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/IndexedFaceSet.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/KeyframeInterpolator.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MeshManager.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MeshManager.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MeshManager.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/ModelFileFactory.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphBlender.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphBlender.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphBlender.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphChannel.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphChannel.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphChannel.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphController.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphController.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/MorphController.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/OBJLoader.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/OBJLoader.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/OBJLoader.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RenderList.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RenderList.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RenderList.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RenderManager.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RenderManager.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RenderManager.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RendererGL.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RendererGL.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/RendererGL.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TextureLoaderGL.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TextureManager.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TextureManager.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TextureManager.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TgaFile.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TgaFile.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/TgaFile.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Transform.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Transform.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/Transform.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/VRML1Loader.s"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.o"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.i"
	@echo "... src/XEngine/VRML97Loader.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/AnimProcessor.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/AnimProcessor.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/AnimProcessor.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/ExpressionChannel.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/EyeChannel.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/EyeChannel.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/EyeChannel.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDP.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDP.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDP.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPItem.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPItem.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPItem.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPLoader.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPLoader.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPLoader.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPWriter.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPWriter.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FDPWriter.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FaceBase.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FaceBase.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FaceBase.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FaceEntity.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FaceEntity.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FaceEntity.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FapFile.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FapFile.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/FapFile.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/HeadChannel.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/HeadChannel.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/HeadChannel.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/InfluenceCalculatorMaker.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/PHOLoader.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/PHOLoader.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/PHOLoader.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/PhonemeDictionary.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/RaisedCosInfluence.s"
	@echo "... src/XFace/XercesString.o"
	@echo "... src/XFace/XercesString.i"
	@echo "... src/XFace/XercesString.s"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.o"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.i"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/ApplicationBase.s"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.o"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.i"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/ModelCamera.s"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/Notification.o"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/Notification.i"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/Notification.s"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/Task.o"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/Task.i"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/Task.s"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.o"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.i"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/TaskHandlerBase.s"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.o"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.i"
	@echo "... src/XFaceApp/XMLUtils.s"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Matrix4.o"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Matrix4.i"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Matrix4.s"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Perlin.o"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Perlin.i"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Perlin.s"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Quaternion.o"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Quaternion.i"
	@echo "... src/XMath/Quaternion.s"
	@echo "... src/XMath/XMath.o"
	@echo "... src/XMath/XMath.i"
	@echo "... src/XMath/XMath.s"
	@echo "... src/XMath/raytri.o"
	@echo "... src/XMath/raytri.i"
	@echo "... src/XMath/raytri.s"



#=============================================================================
# Special targets to cleanup operation of make.

# Special rule to run CMake to check the build system integrity.
# No rule that depends on this can have commands that come from listfiles
# because they might be regenerated.
cmake_check_build_system:
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 0

